{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red235\green235\blue235;
\red109\green109\blue109;\red62\green34\blue13;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red62\green93\blue213;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c93725\c93725\c93725;
\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c31373\c17647\c5490;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c30588\c45882\c86667;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: COVID Response Team <noreply@lehigh.edu>\
Subject: COVID-Related Information for Fall 2022\
Date: August 4, 2022 at 12:54:17 PM CDT\
To: noreply@lehigh.edu\
Reply-To: incovid@lehigh.edu\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat4 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt300 \clpadl300 \clpadb300 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640

\itap2\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat7 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \tapadb200 
\clvertalb \clcbpat6 \clwWidth15120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt240 \clpadl240 \clpadb240 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat7 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \tapadb200 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth14580\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl380 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf6 \strokec6 COVID-Related Information for Fall 2022\nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat7 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \tapadb200 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth14580\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl380 \clpadb800 \clpadr400 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl414\sa300\partightenfactor0

\fs27\fsmilli13800 \cf9 \strokec9 Dear Lehigh Students and Families,\'a0\
As we prepare to begin the 2022-23 academic year, we hope you have had an enjoyable and safe and healthy summer. On behalf of all faculty and staff, we are looking forward to your arrival on campus.\'a0\
You have likely received various communications to prepare for the fall. The COVID Response Team wanted you to be aware of our COVID-specific information and resources:\'a0\'a0\
\pard\intbl\itap2\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sl476\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs31\fsmilli15870 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://coronavirus.lehigh.edu/campus-status&source=gmail-imap&ust=1660240628000000&usg=AOvVaw0GqeLOOA0X4kN8GpJQ-G3N"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 campus status page}} on the Lehigh website provides information on current operations and will be updated throughout the academic year as needed.\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 We encourage students to take a COVID test before traveling to campus. If you test positive, we will work with you to implement alternative arrival plans.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 With the expanded testing available across our state and nationwide, we do not anticipate requiring Lehigh surveillance testing for the fall; however, we continue to encourage individuals to utilize available testing if they feel sick or are a close contact. Contact the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://studentaffairs.lehigh.edu/content/health-wellness-center&source=gmail-imap&ust=1660240628000000&usg=AOvVaw3obiWjgN2BTmaIYRUS3C7K"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 Health and Wellness Center}} (HWC) to arrange pickup of a rapid test or to schedule an appointment. Depending on symptoms, the HWC also may recommend further testing, including a COVID PCR, flu or rapid strep test. You also may consider bringing COVID tests with you to have available on hand if you should need them.\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 As you prepare for your arrival, be sure to provide any required documentation and health information to the HWC through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://studentaffairs.lehigh.edu/content/patient-portal-link&source=gmail-imap&ust=1660240628000000&usg=AOvVaw0nVFfho12o_uDywjjYXxOQ"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 the Patient Portal}} if you have not already done so. Save the number for the HWC in case you need it: (610) 758-3870.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 It is always beneficial for students and families to plan ahead in the event they get sick or test positive for COVID. 
\f3\b Please take a moment to review{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://coronavirus.lehigh.edu/isolation-and-quarantine-protocol&source=gmail-imap&ust=1660240628000000&usg=AOvVaw1d8gPIH5T9bWNyI2XLOj0Y"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10  our isolation and quarantine policy}} for students
\f2\b0 , including a check-list of items you may consider bringing in case you need to isolate in your residence.\'a0\'a0\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://coronavirus.lehigh.edu/covid-19-dashboard-reporting&source=gmail-imap&ust=1660240628000000&usg=AOvVaw0jVLztKCW6J0cC4t0gJ0HR"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 dashboard}} will be updated weekly with reported positive COVID cases for students, faculty and staff.\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs31\fsmilli15870 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 For preventing not just the spread of COVID but also other serious diseases, doing the simple things that work, like washing hands, wearing a mask and staying home and away from others when sick, are critical for all of us to remember and practice as we begin our fall semester together.\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs27\fsmilli13800 \
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl414\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf9 We are looking forward to your arrival and are committed to supporting your health and safety.\'a0\'a0\'a0\
-COVID Response Team\nestcell \lastrow\nestrow\cell \lastrow\row
}